# SANER 2021
### Summarizing Relevant parts from Technical Videos
Software developers frequently watch technical
videos and tutorials online as solutions to their problems.
However, the audiovisual explanations of the videos might also
claim more time from the developers than the text-only materials
(e.g., programming Q&A threads). Thus, pinpointing and summarizing the relevant fragments from these videos could save the
developers valuable time and effort. In this paper, we propose
a novel technique – TechTube – that can be used to find video
segments that are relevant to a given technical task. TechTube
allows a developer to express the task as a natural language query.
To account for missing vocabularies in the query, TechTube
automatically reformulates the query using techniques based
on information retrieval. The reformulated query is matched
against a repository of online technical videos. The output from
TechTube is a sequence of relevant video segments that can be
useful to implement the task at hand. Unlike previous researches,
our approach splits the video by detecting silence in video
audio tracks. Experiments using 98 programming related search
queries show that our approach delivers the relevant videos
within the Top-5 results 93% of the time with a mean average
precision of 76%. We also find that TechTube can deliver the
most relevant section of a technical video with 67% precision
and 53% recall that outperforms the closely related existing
approach from the literature. Our developer study involving
16 participants reports that they found the video summaries
generated by TechTube very accurate, precise, concise, and very
useful for their programming tasks rather than the original
complete videos.


### Cite this paper
@INPROCEEDINGS{saner2021vahedi,
	author={Vahedi, M. and  Rahman, M.M. and Khomh, F. and Uddin, G. and Antoniol, G.},
	booktitle={Proc. SANER},
	title={Summarizing Relevant Parts from Technical Videos},
	year={2021},
	pages={12}
}
